He is by no means Li Mo
Shareholders should be well aware of this
Want to own the Lin family's tens of billions of assets
Linmer's fingerprints must be authorized and he
Will never succeed
Relying on the brand goods machine
It's delusional.
If you are a little stingy, you want to get away with it.
You can't imagine tens of billions of assets.
Embezzlement of 10 million assets can lead to ten years in prison
You are good to take tens of billions
We have called the police.
You're going to die.
Hmph, let him go to jail for spring
Spring to the bottom of the prison
Everyone keeps saying that I'm a fake
What if I were the end of Ming Dynasty?
Dead duck
If you really break the water
All our shareholders are willing to hand over part of the good
Yeah, I agree.
The police will be here soon.
The DNA comparison report between you and Linmer is also coming soon
Since you are courting death
Just let you die